Thank you for downloading this quality sound pack from Bob Feeser Voices! The Lite version of this package contains only a fraction of the lines and far fewer variants. The full version of this package includes more than 500 Audio Clips that can be used in a multitude of ways!


You are free to use any of the files in any personal or professional project. 
You may use these files as a placeholder audio clip or finished audio clip to be distributed as part of a larger product. 
You may alter versions of this audio for your own projects to be distributed as a part of a larger product. 


You may NOT redistribute this pack of sounds or any individual sounds included, unmodified or modified, as your own product.
 You may NOT duplicate this package or any of the audio clips included to be used by another individual or company unless that individual is an employee or contractor using the audio exclusively for your product.


Any Video Game or Interactive Product using the sounds included as a part of the larger finished product may be distributed up to but not exceeding ten thousand (10,000) copies.
Any Video, Animation or other Traditional Video Product using the sounds included as a part of the larger finished product may be seen by an audience up to but not exceeding one hundred thousand (100,000) people.
For Companies planning to create a Video Game or Interactive Product using the sounds included that expects to distribute ten thousand and one or more (10,001) copies, please contact the creator of this package using the email address listed at www.BobFeeserVoices.com. From there a fee will be negotiated based on the scale of your project.
For Companies planning to create a Video, Animation or other Traditional Video Product using the sounds included that expects their product to be seen by an audience of more than one hundred thousand and one or more (100,001) people, please contact the creator of this package using the email address listed at www.BobFeeserVoices.com. From there a fee will be negotiated based on the scale of your project.